+++
title = "Projects"
slug = "projects"
+++

### [URSAMap](https://github.com/anchung333/URSAMap)
##### *JavaScript, React.js, Node.js/Express*

An application that allows a company to display to its users which retailers carry its products using a Mapbox map. The application utilizes the Google Sheets API to retrieve retailers that are listed in a spreadsheet; the connection also allows a user to quickly check if any retailers deliver to the user's zip code area. I had a fun time (mostly accurate description) implementing a layer that basically outlines the zip code areas on the map using a convex hull library (explanation of the convex hull algorithm [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Convex_hull_algorithms)). No need to pay for a Mapbox subcription to outline zip codes when you can just spend 2 days configuring convex hulls for hundreds of zip codes, amirite? 

### [Munchie Map](https://github.com/anchung333/GrrC07-Munchie-Map)
##### *JavaScript, React.js, Node.js/Express, Heroku*

After about 6 weeks through the Software Engineering Program at Hack Reactor, the long hours had drained my motivation to meal prep every week. Almost every day, my classmates and I would leave the classroom at 10pm or later, and the munchies were making their presence *very* felt. Problem was, most of us were unfamiliar with the Pioneer Square area, and we were not so fond of having to stare at a screen for another 20 minutes finding places open late. Hence this application was born; an easy way to roll the dice and make choosing a late-night spot much easier. This project was given a strict 24-hour time frame, as to reinforce the idea of being able to quickly develop a presentable, functional application. Being able to prioritize key functions and knowing how to efficiently debug issues were absolutely crucial. Working with the Yelp API had its challenges (turns out the request per second limit was very low), but without this app I probably would have never found and implemented [this cool neon sign theme](https://codepen.io/nodws/pen/bdjwn). Thanks to this app, I was able to find one of my favorite restaurants [Hong Kong Bistro](https://www.yelp.com/biz/hong-kong-bistro-seattle) (make sure to get the Black Pepper Beef Spaghetti; it's soooo good).

### [InnCognito](https://github.com/InnCognito/service-info)
##### *JavaScript, React.js, Node.js/Express, PostreSQL, ArangoDB, nginx, Loader.io, k6, AWS EC2*

Probably the most challenging yet most rewarding project I worked on during my time at Hack Reactor. I was on a team of 2 other engineers; each of us inherited a micro-service of an open-source applications booking app (think Airbnb), and was tasked with scaling out the back end of the service to handle production-levels of traffic. We started by benchmarking and selecting a database to store 10 million records, and implemented/configured load balancers to optimally route requests across all our servers. Seeing how every change would so tangibly increase/decrease the maximum requests per second was immensely satisfying, and I loved seeing how far I could push the performance given our limited time and resources. One of the most memorable moments occurred three days before the program ended, when I figured out that my database was the bottleneck; with 1000+ requests hitting it per second, the poor EC2 Micro could not handle all of the requests and left a good chunk of them hanging. I had the idea of deploying two instances of my databases to split the load, which meant tearing up the back end's structure from the bottom up. Keep in mind that at this point I had less than 48 hours to complete the project. It took me 8 cups of coffee, but I ended up getting the performance to where I wanted (over 4x the performance of the original). I sacrificed quite a bit of sleep, but I have no regrets ending the program on a high (yet stressful) note. 

### [Bobobeats](https://github.com/Bobobeats/related-songs)
##### *JavaScript, React.js, Node.js/Express, MongoDB, Jest/Enzyme, Docker, AWS EC2*

Had a lot of fun working on this front-end focused project with two other engineers. We were tasked with implementing a working UI that behaved similarily to a popular app (we chose SoundCloud). I personally implemented the related tracks micro-service, which included things like a floating info-bubble when hovering over the artist's name (learned one of the most important lessons with this feature of being able to admit an approach is working and having the confidence to start fresh and go in a new direction) and an interactive play/pause button. Had a great time learning about Docker and deploying our micro-services to AWS. Oh; why Bobobeats you might ask? We tried to come up with a name that would not get us involved in a potential copyright issue. Apparently SoundClown was too similar sounding to SoundCloud; cut to me googling pictures of clowns and finding a picture of a Bobo clown doll from [Albert Bandura's psychological experiment](https://psychology.wikia.org/wiki/Bobo_doll_experiment)...the rest is history. 

### These are just some of the projects I am proud to say I worked on; check out the full collection [here](https://github.com/anchung333)